and what is your Moscow, look Show me, look, take Kyiv, yes, in the 10th century, this building is still standing. Sophia of Kiev is still standing Yaroslav the Wise And which of your Moscows has a building of the 10th or 10th century? At least one Show No, no, no, who was the village And who was the city you are a grandfather in a village without a church Hello Hello Where are you from where where did I end up Where are my things everything doesn’t matter to you anymore It’s just going to be now Yes, what kind of country are you  already under whom under the English
Scotland and Scotland Well, the flag of Scotland
What don’t you
see Ukraine shows me and how you
communicate
I’m talking to Ukraine
And where are you from
Nizhny Novgorod
oh
Gorky Yes Gorky my father is from there, from
Arzamas
Oh
Countryman You are also
Arzamas Well in  in those parts I understood, but what are you
communicating with Ukraine? Here
we don’t communicate, we swear.
What are we talking about? What are we talking about? We’re talking about the war.
I understand how you feel about
the fact that  Russia attacked
Ukraine Yes, it didn’t attack And what
did it do? Tell me, did
Ukraine defend? What is it defending?
Yes, I’ll explain it to you like this: we fed them all their
lives, gave them big gifts, for example,
Crimea, they gave them fraternal gifts to the
brotherly people, fed them all their
lives, and they wanted to  in the city of Russian
Glory in Sevastopol, install the seventh
American fleet. We haven’t erased this anymore,
you know,
and why are you bombing
Ukraine? I already explained that
before.  They also hung this in the right
corner of their mud hut, they hung this Bandera, Bandera
And my father
fought three SZh tanks at the Battle of Kursk
and I thought Bandera understood, listen,
but here’s the question I heard you correctly
that you gave Ukraine a gift of
Crimea, yes, that is, I understood it’s interesting
yes, I also think yes, that it was a gift,
but I understand correctly that if someone
gives a gift to someone, then the gifted thing
already becomes
the thing of the person who was given it.
Well, listen to this when you are not there
betray, wait T If, for example, you
gave your wife a ring and she cheated
on you, you take the ring from her later. For example,
I’m not her ring. I gave her a whole house, I gave her a
house where you can live
comfortably, she fell in love with another
man and you take away from her everything that you
gave her.  Yes, I’m taking her home for
fun, listen. Well, I understand that according to
the legislation
and legislation of Ukraine and other wounds,
a gift, if you made a gift, then it
belongs to the person to whom it was
given; you cannot take the gift back from him
here.  a little different here
comes international
law I understand yes Tell me under what
convention international gifts are possible
still people lived here in the question the
Russians liu stop stop stop stop no
Wait stop stop stop you gave
Crimea that’s what you said I didn’t come up with you
said that you gave
Crimea so you gave it  if it was given, then everything is
already the property of Ukraine; it was
given as a gift; it was the property of Ukraine; yes.
On what basis are you taking the gift
back? By what law of international
law is it a little bit
narrower?  the thing is, we’re rushing According to
international
law, the population that lived there didn’t
want it, these Banderaites, they
held a referendum and again
no no stop stop stop no no The fact is
that this is a gift from Ukraine if you want
this population Take it for yourself Ukraine
is giving it to you  this is the population Take it away Yes,
and you gave us our Land, look
how, for example, you gave an apartment yes And
I have some tenants here and what kind of
referendum They are holding here Take all
your tenants you donated you
donated  Crimea no one pulled you by the tongue
Khrushchev gave Crimea to Ukraine Yes,
I gave everything if I hadn’t given it then it
would have been possible, but you gave it. And officially there
is a deed of gift Dear
Ukrainians, yes In connection with the celebration there of the
fortieth anniversary of the Great October
Revolution, I give you Crimea Nikita Serg
Khrushchev signature date  stamp everything is
paper in our library in the
Vernadsky library Yes, the paper
signed by Khrushchev about the gift is kept  Crimea everything
was signed by Khrushchev yes signed yes But
if you want it right here officially and the
treaty was invalid it turned out to be not
valid you didn’t challenge it nom
council there was no
quo it wasn’t again if not if it
wasn’t
wrong correct correct Why
Because if incorrect  The
Supreme Court of the Soviet Union of the Union of
Soviet Socialist Republics should have
said that the agreement was not constitutional
or was not drawn up in an inappropriate
manner from the year fifty-four or
when it was transferred to Ukraine to
the ninety  first, the Supreme Court of the
Soviet Union did not make such a decision. Not a single republic made such a decision. The
Russian Soviet
Federative Socialist Republic did
not appeal to the Supreme Court of the Soviet
Union to recognize the transfer of Crimea as
unconstitutional.
Correct, I absolutely agree with you
until it was, well, so to speak, the
subject of analysis. And when the Russian
Federation stop stop  stop When the
Russian Federation
no longer existed, the Soviet Union did not exist while it existed. While the Soviet Union existed, it was
then necessary to
raise questions about whether it was right or
wrong, because only the
constitutional court of the Soviet Union or the
Supreme Court  The Soviet could say that
it was all wrong. The Soviet Union
collapsed in different territorial
borders of the
republics that were in the
ninety-first year. And after that, the
Russian Federation recognized the borders of
independent Ukraine with a treaty of friendship and
cooperation 19,
having signed that we recognize the borders of Fraternal
Friendly Ukraine, maps
attached, description attached  the borders are all
Sevastopol and Crimea - this is Ukraine
all no
no there is still such you know the right of
the strong now the world You want to go to the Americans
And the world now lives by the
rules  lives according to the rules, only they
wanted according to American rules and you
wanted Prima to join them, but then Russia went
out of its way and she said no, guys,
nothing will work out, no one canceled the right of the strong.
We will live according to our rules
correctly, clearly, yes, I agree,
absolutely agree, yes, look, uh  I also
believe that these, uh, bureaucratic,
let’s say, difficulties that have
come from the times of Roman law, that the
Treaties must be implemented, this is all in the
past, now we need to do the right strongly.
We are Ukrainians. Yes, we naively believed. Yes,
here are the UN treaties, the Minsk agreements  the
Budapest memorandums all
work in the 2nd year, when Russia
used its right to strongly attack
Ukraine, we addressed it there,
some kind of cosmic forces and so on
Yes, and we realized that the old world The old
system of law no longer works, yes we
admit it, it does not work, yes  The UN
has become such an insolvent structure of
the old ones, so we, focusing on the
world hegemon of the USA, the strongest power on
the planet, decided that we need to move from
a system of contract law to a system of
using the law of
the strong, you told the Americans  strong
Let's help us We will be Russian and
they gave us weapons they gave us They say
listen you can take the Kursk region
we will do and we entered the Kursk region
today and December 7 already since August 6 4
months and one day when, by the right of the
strong, Ukraine regains its
historical  land Kursk region Sudzha
Yes, this is Kurdish oh Ukrainian
Land was illegally transferred by the Bolsheviks
Lenin to the Russian Federation donated by
Ukraine then gave to Russia given to
Russia Sudzha was given as a gift because we
thought  Okay, there you gave us something, we
gave it to us, then it was such a fashion to give gifts to
each other But now Ukraine and here
at our last we gave you the Kuban,
yes We gave you a part of the Voronezh
region, yes these are all Ukrainian ethnic
lands Yes, here we are  for up to the 2nd
year there are still all these questions there that we
need to return our Ukrainian ethnic
lands were considered No, we said no there is a
negotiable right there, Helsinki uds,
in short, everyone Yes, now we understand
Zelensky  came out and said we will fly and
bomb everyone, we will return our territories
that we gave to Russia and we will start it
with the Kursk region and that you liked
the right of the strong. You liked the right of the strong,
listen. I’ll tell you even more,
we will
lead our brothers, so let
’s say that’s what they did  they did so,
they wanted to put American weapons against us
and we
realized that they had their own, they did not
create a state, they could not create a
state normally, who had to
think that we were doing it to the Russians, and the Russians
could answer, so we decided
that such a state should not exist
at all  be that's all
Russian lands this right of the strong is normal I agree yes I agree we have a similar position pony remember the Kyiv province remember remember pom Yes I remember everything pom Absolutely true Yes it happened but we we are rightfully strong since the USA is the world hegemon and Britain is with us yes we also decided look, we also decided that such a state as the Russian Federation should not exist, because these are the Armed Forces of Kyiv lands. Yes, since the time of Kievan Rus, these swamps are all lands that paid tribute  Kievan Rus
Yes, these are our lands of Kievan Yes, illegally
taken from us by
Batu Khan
Genghisid, taken from us from the
Russians, the heirs of Kievan Rus, and
given to some Mokhm, some meme
Murom, to some Finno-Ugric Jurassic
tribes, they gave them to
us, which we built for you in the swamps.  we built Novgorod,
we built you Ryazan, we built you
Nizhny Novgorod, we built you
Moscow, we post for you, we built everything for you,
name at least one city What cities did you
build during Kievan Rus, all the
cities we built for you, look at everything we
built Suzdal, we built Yes,
we built Rostov the Great. The prince of Kiev took
his money and sent his squads there, he
says, build cities on these swamps
and you betrayed us and sold yourself to the Mongols
I agree agree agree The
prince of Kiev was remember Yuri
Dolgoruky no
Yuri Dolgoruky no Yuri Dolgoruky he was not a Kiev prince he was but one of the Kyiv princes who was from some kind of Turkic princess Who was he he was half Turkic he was generally a Cuman he was half he didn’t have Slavic ancestry completely You look his reconstruction which and Vladimir the Great Vladimir the Great son of Prince Svyatoslav who baptized  Rus' in Kyiv baptized nen in Moscow there was no Moscow then there was no understood G And that’s all And rightfully look strongly we have a trident trident you see this is a symbol of the Grand Duke Vladimir And you have a coat of arms coward there is at least one you don’t have because we are Rusichi And who are you, look Yuri Dolgoruky is the grandson of Vladimir Monomakh Vladimir Monomakh he came to
Kyiv and then he said Kyiv is a village. I am moving to Moscow and left Kyiv, but he was the prince of Kiev. Yes, who founded Moscow, so they somehow saw this monument to him standing there, who who smeared Yuri Dolgoruky Yes, Yuri Dolgoruky, wait, I said correctly, I understood what he said that Kyiv is a village and I’m leaving for Moscow and built Moscow and Dada and went back He didn’t like it He didn’t like it he left didn’t like it Kyiv became the capital of Rus'
Moscow and Kyiv became just provincial, that the capital of Rus' Well, don’t show me, show me, old man, the paper that the capital of Rus' moved to Moscow when Look, when was Moscow, when was Moscow in general, I would understand if you said that Suzdal was some kind of small Yes, Moscow was some kind of small town, like on the road, you know. The Principality of Suzdal was still there, it was subordinate to Rus', subordinate to Kyiv, paid tribute because it was there  the governor is the prince sent from Kyiv who collected Tribute from all this, you understand in and that your Moscow look Show me, look, take Kyiv yes the X century is uh these buildings Sophia of Kiev still stands Yaroslav the Wise And which of your Moscow is there a building X or X centuries At least one Show no no no no who was the village And who was the city you grandfather village without a church when say it doesn’t matter Tell me when the first church appeared in
Moscow and Sergei Rachevsky, I think what century is there, what century is it with the Mongols, there it is already what century, yes, that is, look, it turns out in Kyiv, the Tithe Church is the end of the beginning of the 10th century, Vladimir baptized Rus' Yes, he made the tithe church 3 centuries earlier Moscow then which of us was grandfather grandfather which of us was a city And who was a village of Moscow Who was called look Sofia Kyiv over there  Church of the Tithes How many in Kyiv, wherever you dig there Princely artifacts there Great Rus' great history Yes Look what our mountains are called in Kiwi Khorevitsa Shchekavitsa everything is there Askold’s Mountain yes And you have Arbat called Turkic What does Arbat Street mean, the main street of Moscow and Arbat what is it I was interested in the Slavic name. And I’ll say arba - in Turkic this is a cart, this is the street on which
Turkic carts drove by, carts, carts for which the Mongols and Tatars came and collected tribute, you know, the Arbat was already there, these were no longer there a long time ago, Moscow burned four times What can I say where it burned, look Why Kyiv burned, it didn’t burn, but Sophia of Kiev still stands there are frescoes the initial letter is written in Slavic letters And show me at least one Slavic letter Yes, beaten in stone in  Moscow de odi DT century where is it You are Russian I am Rusich I am Rusich I am not Russian I am Rusich and the Russians are those who belonged to the Russians you were our Russians We called you that Whose you are Russians because you belonged to the Russians We are the Russians from Kyiv The Great City of Rus' And who are you? You Russian people, whose people know Whose cow is that over there, Russian? Cow, yeah Whose is that, in short, it’s Russian, what’s this serf?
Russian lo understand whose You don’t even have a name yes you Whose are you whose Russian are you whose slave will you be a Russian slave Belarusian Jewish German like this Tell me tell me yes When did you have Christianity in Moscow our Russian Orthodoxy we have 988 vey godz Vladimir alny the prince baptized Rus' first took Byzantium as his wife in Chersonesus in the Crimea in  Ukrainian Crimea took accepted Orthodoxy came and that's it And when were you baptized Moscow Listen when is the Epiphany Day of Moscow tell me when when was the year of the Baptism of Moscow And what does the Baptism of Moscow have to do with Well look Kiev was baptized in 988 when Moscow was baptized it was a common state no so look here in Kyiv Baptism took place 988 when Moscow was baptized in the same year and Rus' was baptized in Moscow was not in
988, it appeared in the 10th century Well, what about the people, and the people who came there were Orthodox. No, they weren’t Orthodox. No, no, the Finns lived there. Ugrians and Turks and Turks and When the Tatar-Mongol yoke came Why did you betray Orthodox Rus'? Why did you betray Orthodox Rus'? How How, Yes, because you joined the service of the Genghisids, we, together with our Lithuanian brothers, Lithuanians, with Algerd Min, Yes, we gave battle.  battle to
the Mongols and defeated them and reached and we,
together with the Lithuanians, recaptured Vskaya
zhi Yes Nikolaev region modern
Odessa Armed Forces recaptured from the Turks
left nothing to the Cumans and Mongols oaths And you
were under the yoke for 300 years 3 years were when
tell me when you were
freed tell me when you were freed
from the Tatar-Mongol
yoke code va zahn
You have Independence Day from the
Tatar-Mongols In what
year
1336 what a year 1336 Hello Relax
grandpa what
not Well why where 136 You are even shorter in the 15th
century like under the Mongols And
you paid Tribute to the Crimean Khan Peter I also
paid Tribute to the Crimean
Khan It doesn’t matter anymore What does it mean It doesn’t matter
What does it mean it doesn’t matter we were independent
state of Russia And you were
some kind of appendage of the Mongol Empire and
were also of the Crimean
they paid the khan until the 15th century they paid Tribute also Peter I Peter I say Peter I paid Tribute to the Crimean Khan to the state say Peter I paid paid the state was on this territory of yours on our territory there was Rus', there was only one you then specifically named it Kyiv To come up with something like this there were other Russias, it was Rus' Yes, and now it is called Great Ukraine And you, when when did your state appear when did your state appear dear man So you and  1236 years were in the
Principality of Lithuania, right, this
union state is also like, for example,
see the European Union is yes yes with it
was called the Principality Veliki Lithuanian
Russian and Žemaitis what language was in the
Principality of Lithuania official what
language Well tell me what language in the Principality of Lithuania
was official Lithuanian was
No look  everything was written in Russian in
Russian in
Staroukolovo Yes, the ancestor of our languages,
look  it was our union
state. We are our brothers Lithuanians. Yes, and the
Russians stood up against the
Horde against this Eastern Horde and
held it back because we were the shield of Europe,
just like now Ukraine and the
Baltic countries hold this shield. Yes, only the
Belarusians fell under the Horde again and we
must liberate  we must
liberate them and Smolensk will again become the
capital of independent Belarus asked for
you tell Grandfather you tell Grandfather When
your state appeared everything is simple
Look at the century you have been conquered
Mongols Yes, your state is gone. So why didn’t the Mongols become of you? They conquered. Yes, the Mongols never conquered us, just like I didn’t. I’ll tell you now Moscow. Let’s look, I’ll tell you straight. Well, what does this have to do with it? What does it mean? Yes, 1238 Moscow, the Mongols conquered everything You still don’t have Moscow, you don’t have a state, forget it when the Mongols took Kiev later Moscow no longer existed and Kyiv was still there  then it was gone Well then, yes, then
the Mongols captured it and then the Lithuanians and I
recaptured it, we’re closer, we’re just closer, so
what, no, look, that is, before the
whole state was gone, we still held out,
and then we were attacked, and then we
recaptured everything, and you  when we fought off the Mongols
when we fought off the Mongols Another 300 years
probably passed there, that is, look we
Yes, we fought off the Mongols at the beginning of the 10th
century, we are less than 100 years old, it turns out we
were under attack  and you
300 not once again once again Look, tell me in
what year and who when you declared
independence from
Mongolia Yes I am, well, when you are not yet
you are not recognized Show the act of declaring
Independence from the Tatar-Mongol yoke
where you have not been until now you  still
legally, look again at the
Karakorum,
you are still an integral part of the
Great Mongolia of the Chingizids Yes, you are
Mongolian territories illegally
selected Yes by
the Bolsheviks because yes, look at the
Karakorum
Yes, when the Genghisids captured Moscow, they
gathered all these princes of the Suzdal
Moscow Rens of Tver Yes, and they signed the
Karakorum
oath of the
Genghisids, an agreement on the eternal oath, they
took them there to Central Asia in
Karakorum Yes, there was the headquarters of the Genghisids
and that’s all now If  you
proclaimed a break in the Karakoram
dependence here  Ukraine after the
Mongol Invasion in
Yandex Don’t tell me when you
declared independence Just ask
Alice When you declared
independence from the Tatar-Mongol yoke it’s
very simple when it’s
the year of the
Tatar-Mongol yoke Yes ska Who and
when declared independence here
modern Ukraine declared
independence  In the ninety-first year, the
Soviet Union itself did not
disintegrate, did not disintegrate, Yes, but look we
Ukraine declared independence in the first year,
so the UPR
proclaimed independence in 1917, tell me,
when did you proclaim independence from the
Tatar-Mongol
yoke, they themselves
collapsed, if they themselves are
falling apart, Yes, that means new
states are appearing. Tell me, in what year did you
proclaim your new state
after the collapse of the Tatars?  Mongolian
and where is the act of proclamation of the Moscow
State the act of proclamation you are you
what century are you in  live again where is the act of
proclamation of the Moscow state, the
declaration of independence again,
look again Prince Yes, for example, all
European states Yes, they have an act of
proclamation Yes, the Franks, when they captured
the territory of the Roman province of Galia, yes,
head Alexei Mikhailovich, so he is the king
and the Great Sovereign of the
Great
Minor, he is an impostor  an impostor
because there was no proclamation of which state
When his state appeared when
his state appeared
EU he is the king, which means he has  he has a
state So show me when this
state was established this is a fake
historically this is an agreement Yes illegal
understand This is an agreement because Bogdan
Khmelnitsky when Yes Bogdan Khmelnitsky
when he signed an agreement with the tsar review the
so-called articles Yes Scientists have already
proven they are illegal because the tsar
was illegitimate because  he did not have
a state, it was proclaimed Yes,
really, show me, show me again, show me
When it was What state did
this king represent? What state did
this represent?  the tsar is when this
state appeared When this
state appeared like this When this
state appeared No, it already existed
when And when it appeared And I’ll tell you
this before Alexei Mikhailovich This, in my opinion,
Ivan IV did the most important thing, he
annexed the Yaroslavl Vladimir
su and so This is illegal  illegally
annexed illegally because he did not have a
state Tell me when you
left the Mongol Empire
When did you leave no Tell me very
importantly, I say again 1 there this 38
year of you  captured by the Mongols, the
state was gone When you left the
Mongol Empire When you tore up the
Kara Karums Treaty, you swore an oath, look,
you swore an oath
In 8, the Prince of Moscow swore an oath to
eternal service, yes, to Genghis Khan, yes, according to the
Karakorum, all this is the base, this is all
recorded by historians Yes, there is this
Karakan Treaty  now still in
the library of Ulaanbaatar in Mongolia there is
in Chagatai Yes, show me When you
came out When you left Chagatai oh from
this From the Karakorum
when open the money Open again
when you a simple question when in the 11th century
all your state is gone when it
appeared when you left the
Golden Horde
ana and if there was no Golden Horde already it
was like  it was you who paid Why did Peter I
pay the Crimean Khan as the heir to the
Golden Horde Tribute
Yes, because he agreed with him
that he agreed that he would pay Yes, I
will pay you
and  Remember not Why the Crimean Khan burned
Moscow when he burned Ask
Alice Ask when the Crimean Khan burned
Moscow Ask Alice come on Well come on Come on come on let's
ask now You
don't know your history Yes we We're not
going to the
15th
century when the Crimean Khan  burned
Moscow Let's look
read read now now now let
Alice answer
in a voice and I’ll say, look like this, the Crimean
campaign of 1571, the military campaign of the Crimean
Khanare to Moscow, yes, you’re lying, a
major Moscow
fire started in Moscow, and because of the strong wind and heat, the
capital, with the exception of the Kremlin, burned down
almost
completely; as a result of the campaign,
80,120,000 people died and was introduced
60,000 people were captured in the 10th century, grandfather, don’t get lost, don’t
get lost, I still have you
such a cool grandfather should fry for Rus' Well, maybe somewhere else he will appear, well, it all seemed like a divine frying, how daring he was at the very beginning yes Okay, the right of the strong is the right of the strong We can also play this game Yes, and the historical one verbiage I can also play not but no worse than the campaign I won once Here Crimea can be given away that’s good yes Russian Tsar Not Russian but where did you leave the Golden Arda Show the act of proclamation of your state  no All of you legally you do
not exist here with these weirdos you need to
talk like this like squeak
comment and send Tsey Divine video to
all friends Slava
ukrai letter on th Telegram right now axis
VN
apok tse more and more respectfully YouTube taking
us through the skarg ORV in yours  ban and even
more videos I don’t show people often don’t
show information about streams for
you we  Mali operational link is written
directly at once and Popik there in telegram
okrim video schetezh tsikava and korisna
information and we are guilty of you trimati
postiyny operational link
nezalezhno in that chi show you about it
YouTube Glory to Ukraine
letter